so you need a refresher on the last of
us before the secret releases or for
some unfathomable reason you haven't
played one of the greatest
post-apocalyptic games of all time I'm
not here to judge but seriously what the
[ __ ] let's not dwell on that though
instead let's go through the captivating
story that is the Last of Us which I
guess can now be referred to as part 1
in 2013 an outbreak of fungal cordyceps
devastates the United States causing
their human host to turn into mindless
aggressive creatures refer to as the
infected not zombies infected I repeat
not zombies infected the story kicks off
in Austin Texas with the game's playable
protagonist Joel who was forced to flee
his home with his brother Tommy and his
daughter Sarah because of the chaos and
panic that spread society completely
lost its [ __ ] in this story gets dark
quick and their attempt to escape the
city Joel's daughter Sarah is shot by a
soldier imposing martial law and she
dies in Joe's arms flash forward 20
years later and now joel is working as a
smuggler in Boston Massachusetts with
his partner Tess the two are on the hunt
for a rival black market dealer named
Robert who stole a cache of their
weapons after they track him down
he tells them that he already sold their
weapons to the infamous rebel militia
group the fireflies test not being with
the shit's she kills him then they meet
with the leader of the fireflies Marlene
who promises to give them double the
amount of their weapons in exchange for
smuggling a young girl named Ellie out
of the city to a group of fireflies they
agree to this deal to escort Ellie to
safety but getting outside of Boston's
heavily policed quarantine zone is no
easy task which is where Joel and tests
discover that Ellie is infected Ellie
explains to them that she was bitten
three weeks ago but the infection
usually runs its course within two days
therefore Marlene believes that Ellie's
immunity could lead to a cure so the
three carry on and after many tints
encounters with the infected they
finally reached the rendezvous point to
meet with his group of fireflies only to
discover that the fireflies had been
killed during this revelation test also
reveals that she was bitten an hour ago
and can already feel the infection
symptoms
believing in Ellie's significant she
sacrifices herself as a diversion for
Joel and Ellie to escape pursuing
soldiers once they escape Joel is left
with the sole responsibility of getting
Ellie to what remains of the fireflies
he makes the choice to seek out his
brother Tommy who was a former Firefly
so Joel and Ellie make their way to
Bill's town who is a fellow smuggler in
order to get a working car to make this
long trip
through many trials and tribulations
they're able to get the car and start
their long journey to tommy's they come
to pass through Pittsburgh Pennsylvania
where they are ambushed by hunters and
their transportation is wrecked in the
city Joel and Ellie meet two brothers
Henry and Sam and Joel agrees to
accompany them in order to escape the
Bandit infested city of Pittsburgh
because Henry explains that they have a
small group of people looking for the
fireflies - once they're outside of the
city
Sam is bitten but didn't tell anybody
and later when the infection begins to
take hold and turns him he attacks Ellie
and Henry is forced to shoot his younger
brother then grief-stricken Henry
immediately commits suicide the story
flashboards to the fog where Joel and
Ellie fight Tommy in Jackson County
Wyoming where he lives on a fortified
independent settlement powered by a
hydroelectric dam and is married to a
woman named Maria reunited Joel explains
Ellie's condition to his brother after a
tense encounter with bandits Tommy
reluctantly agrees to safely deliver
Ellie to some Firefly contacts of his
but Ellie not wanting Joel to abandon
her she runs away to a nearby farm once
a Joe and Tommy are able to track her
down
tensions rise when Ellie brings up
Joel's daughter Sarah who she found out
about from Maria feeling guilty Joel
ultimately decides to take her to
Tommy's Firefly contacts himself who
were based at the University of Eastern
Colorado when they get their surprise
surprise ain't nobody home they then
learned that the fireflies had moved to
a hospital in Salt Lake City Utah they
are ambushed yet again by another group
of bandits in which it all is
practically mortally wounded they are
able to escape and the story flashes
forward again to the winter where the
player is surprisingly now controlling
Ellie so less than suspense of whether
Joel is dead or not it's revealed that
Ellie was able to patch him up and has
been caring for him ever since they'd
taken refuge in the mountains and while
Ellie is out hunting for food she
encounters David and his scavengers who
how do I put this they eat people so
David is the leader of this group of
bandits that attacked them at the
University of Eastern Colorado a while
back and once revenge for Joel's
slaughtering his men
so David pretty much wants Ellie as his
new pet and barely escaping with her
life from the demented cannibal is group
Ellie is able to brutally kill Damon
Joel has finally recovered from his
wounds and finds Ellie to comfort her
for what has transpired
flash forward to the spring and Joel and
Ellie have finally reached Salt Lake
City almost reaching their end goal
Ellie nearly drowns and Joel is knocked
out by a Firefly patrol while attempting
CPR Joel dim wakes up in a hospital bed
where Marlene is there to greet him
apologizing for her men knocking him out
she explains to Joel that Ellie is being
prepped for surgery and the procedure
will unfortunately
we kill her Joel not liking this out of
this plan fights and kills his way to
the operation room rescuing an
unconscious Ellie near the exit Marlene
confronted all with one last plea for
the potential cure Joel shoots and kills
Marlene so the fireflies won't come
after Ellie when Ellie comes to on the
drive away from the city
Joel flat-out lies to her telling her
that there were other immune people and
the Firefly still couldn't create a cure
so they just stop trying
then as they reach the outskirts of
Tommy's community Ellie confines her
survivor's guilt to Joel and makes him
swear that his story about the fireflies
is not a lie and Joel swears that is
true and there you have it
cliffhanger to be continued hey so are
you hyped for the Last of Us part 2 and
will you be playing day one like me be
sure to let me know down in the comments
thanks for watching I hope you enjoyed
if you did don't forget to leave a huge
thumbs up subscribe follow me on
Instagram
[Music]
[Applause]